ECE 473 Final Project Proposal 
Eden Bendory, Estelle Botton, Nicole Klausner, and Jonathan Mindel

Market Gap
While Etherscan provides the capability to trace any address or 
transaction on the Ethereum blockchain, there is a notable absence of a 
systematic method to classify addresses or understand their function 
within the ecosystem. An example is the MEV Bot, which exploits miner 
extractable value using specific transaction patterns. 

Our Plan
Our project aims to address this gap by implementing a Smart Blockchain 
Explorer. Drawing inspiration from Topic 2 Idea 11, our approach focuses 
on devising an algorithm to categorize addresses based on their 
transaction behaviors. Specifically, we will target addresses frequently 
interacting with flash loan providers and decentralized exchanges, as 
MEV attacks (in particular: sandwich, liquidation, and flashloan) often 
utilize these platforms to perform trades. Once addresses have been 
identified, transactions can be inspected to identify transaction 
patterns common in MEV attacks. 

Building & Testing
Our development process will begin by determining a mechanism to query 
the Ethereum blockchain by address, which can likely be accomplished via 
prebuilt libraries and APIs. By centering our searches around the 
addresses of common decentralized exchanges and flash loan providers 
such as Uniswap, Aeve, and Dydx, we aim to pinpoint the addresseses that 
most frequently interact with the tools necessary for MEV attacks. This 
step will lay the foundation of our algorithm’s address detection 
mechanism. Following this, we will refine our algorithm with extensive 
testing using blockchain data. To validate data, we will compile a list 
of known addresses and manually label whether or not they are MEV bots, 
and compare this with the output of our identification model. 

Development Schedule
Week 8 – Develop method for exploring blockchain centered around certain addresses 
Week 9 - Develop algorithm for identifying MEV bot addresses 
Week 10 – Finish up and clean code
Week 11 – Work on and complete presentation 
